# SilVR-Boids
Boids designed for use in unity using camera+rendertexture and CG/HLSL. It includes a C# script for utility, however the boid simulation itself relies entirely on CG/HLSL, making it optimal for uploads to social platforms that lacking scripting access to compute shaders, such as VRChat or Lavender, with the benefit that CG/HLSL shaders offer more compatibility than compute shaders, and significantly better performance than Lua or Udon for paralellized problems (like boids!)

This project has no dependencies, and should include a prefab for a fully set up boid system. Two meshes are included, one a mesh made of one simple triangle per boid designed for use with the included geometry shader "boid-visualize", and the other a mesh of one decimated snes-style arwing model for use with the vertex shader "mesh-visualizer". Its a custom made model from models-resource submitted by user dlfon99. You can find the original here: https://www.models-resource.com/custom_edited/starfoxcustoms/model/16500/

Additionally there is a C# script derived from the monobehavior "Gameobject." The purpose of the script is to take a mesh and generate a similar mesh for use with the same shader, although it is of note that unity .mesh assets can have a maximum of 65536 polygons, and the script by default produces a layout for 1024 individual boids. This means the original mesh is only officially supported to operate on meshes up to 63 polygons, and the shaders responsible for simulating the boids assume there are 1024 of them. The C# script also requires the two lines that actually save the asset to the project to be uncommented, as leaving them as such for uploading to the social platform VRChat results in compiler errors and a failure of build.

Future plans include refactoring the code for the boid simulation so that the coding style is more consistent and readable, as well as implementing options for more or fewer boids, several methods, and more refined generating scripts, including the use of preprocessor commands to avoid errors as mentioned above.
